# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE: 14.02.2019**
* **ASSISTANTS: Ivan Sanchez Milara**
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes

At first we were asked to remove the extra stuff from the GitHub code page. These were added by accident while creating a local repository in order to work from home. After this we disscussed about the task included in the deadline 1 (RESTful API description). Overall, our thinking was still too broad and we were asked to narrow it down even more. At this point we only have to worry about the API itself, no about the client or the server. This means we need to focus more on the aspect of how the API will be used. We were also asked to think about why, for example, people from our university would want to use it.

In the overview part of the deadline 1, we should make it more selling. This is the part were we are supposed to market our API, so adding some details should fix it. In the main concepts and relations, we should make things more simple. We came to a conclusion that the throw itself is one of our most important entities. We had drawn an early version of our ER model to illustrate our thinking. In this model we should make sure we don´t use same attribute inside different entitites. These should be replaced with relationships between the entities. We concluded the most relevant entities right now are the throw, the player and the team. In API uses part, we should be more specific in the other APIs which could be used with our API, for example, using Google Maps to track down the location were the game will be played. These don´t need to be implemented in the final work. Lastly, in the related work part, we should find another API which includes same kind of functionality than our API. It should include things like URL, GET and POST functionalities.

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*


## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**
* **GRADE:** *To be filled by course staff*

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*


### Comments from staff
*ONLY USED BY COURSE STAFF: Additional comments from the course staff*

